docs(style-guide): overhaul ANSI colours (#2578)
catppuccin/catppuccin: docs/style-guide.md

  </tr>
</table>

#### <sup>1)</sup> ANSI Color Generation

> [!NOTE]<br>

> > These bright colors are not neccesarily "brighter" than the normal colors, but rather more bold and saturated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> These bright colors are not necessarily "brighter" than the normal colors, but rather more bold and saturated.
```

> For Catppuccin's accents the ANSI brights are automatically generated based on the following formulas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ANSI brights are automatically generated based on the following formulas:
```

Author: I've intentionally mentioned the accents here (which def. make this sentence more convoluted) because this only applies to the accents and **not** any of the shades. Is there a better way to point this out?
The context of black and white being mentioned below that *kinda* implies that, but I really wanted to make sure that there are no possible misunderstandings.

Reviewer: How about the following?

```suggestion
The ANSI brights, excluding `white` and `black`,  are automatically generated based on the following formulas:
```

      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 2</td>
      <td>Green</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 3</td>
      <td>Yellow</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 4</td>
      <td>Blue</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 5</td>
      <td>Pink</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 6</td>
      <td>Teal</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 7</td>
      <td>Subtext 1</td>
      <td>Surface 2</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 8</td>
      <td>Surface 1</td>
      <td>Subtext 0</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 9</td>
      <td>Red</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 10</td>
      <td>Green</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 11</td>
      <td>Yellow</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 12</td>
      <td>Blue</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 13</td>
      <td>Pink</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 14</td>
      <td>Teal</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Color 15</td>
      <td>Subtext 0</td>
      <td>Surface 1</td>
    </tr>
  </table>

> </details>

Reviewer: Don't think we need to repeat the values here

```suggestion
```

Author: Removed as per: https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/pull/2578/commits/a7cc14fa19dd73a47ff9259617fa1228a2d1c6ba
